caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 69 70 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 71 72 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 73 74 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 73 74 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 73 74 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 73 74 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 73 74 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 81 83 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 53 64 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 76 93 raw circle_type=n
codeine 94 104 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 230 251 raw circle_type=N
codeine 230 251 raw circle_type=n
codeine 230 251 raw circle_type=n
codeine 230 251 raw circle_type=n
codeine 230 251 raw circle_type=n
codeine 230 251 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 220 227 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 31 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 32 36 raw circle_type=n
