caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=M
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 0 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 61 64 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 71 72 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 71 72 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 71 72 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 75 77 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 78 80 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 78 80 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 78 80 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 78 80 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 78 80 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 78 80 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 81 83 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 81 83 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 81 83 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 81 83 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 84 92 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 93 101 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 102 111 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 112 134 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 135 139 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 140 152 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 153 161 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 21 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=M
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=M
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=N
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=N
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=N
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=M
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=N
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=N
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 52 calc circle_type=n
codeine 65 75 raw circle_type=n
codeine 65 75 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 raw circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=N
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 105 126 calc circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=N
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 127 139 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=N
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=N
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=N
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=N
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=N
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 140 141 raw circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 raw circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=N
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=n
codeine 142 163 calc circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=N
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=N
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 raw circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=N
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=N
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=N
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=N
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=n
codeine 164 185 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 raw circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=N
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 186 207 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=N
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 raw circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 208 229 calc circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 raw circle_type=n
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=N
codeine 252 273 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=N
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=N
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 raw circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=M
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 65 calc circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 raw circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=N
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=n
glucose 66 108 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=N
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=N
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=N
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 109 141 calc circle_type=n
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=N
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=n
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=n
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=n
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=n
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=n
glucose 142 160 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=N
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=N
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 raw circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=N
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=N
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=N
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 161 181 calc circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 raw circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 calc circle_type=N
glucose 182 195 calc circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 calc circle_type=n
glucose 182 195 calc circle_type=n
glucose 196 207 calc circle_type=N
glucose 196 207 calc circle_type=n
glucose 196 207 calc circle_type=n
glucose 196 207 calc circle_type=n
glucose 196 207 calc circle_type=n
glucose 196 207 calc circle_type=n
glucose 220 227 calc circle_type=n
glucose 220 227 calc circle_type=n
glucose 228 246 calc circle_type=N
glucose 228 246 calc circle_type=n
glucose 228 246 calc circle_type=n
glucose 228 246 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 28 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 37 47 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 37 47 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 48 60 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 48 60 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 48 60 calc circle_type=n
