caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 60 61 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 60 61 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 60 61 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 60 61 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 60 61 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 60 61 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 61 62 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 61 62 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 61 62 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 62 63 individuals circle_type=n
