paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=N
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=N
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 group_subject circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=N
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 29 30 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
