paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
