glucose 0 1 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=M
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=M
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=M
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=M
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
