caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=N
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 group_subject circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
glucose 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=N
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
