codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
