codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=M
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=M
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=M
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=M
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=M
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=N
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 raw circle_type=N
codeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=M
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=N
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=N
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=N
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=M
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=M
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=N
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=N
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=M
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 raw circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
