codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 8 9 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=M
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 individuals circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=N
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
codeine 30 31 group_subject circle_type=n
