caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 4 5 calc circle_type=M
caffeine 4 5 calc circle_type=M
caffeine 4 5 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 4 5 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 5 6 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 5 6 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 5 6 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 5 6 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 5 6 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 5 6 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 14 15 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 19 20 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 19 20 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 26 27 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 28 29 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 30 31 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 36 37 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 37 38 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 39 40 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 41 42 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 42 43 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 44 45 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 46 47 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 47 48 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 48 49 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 49 50 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 50 51 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 51 52 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 52 53 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 53 54 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=M
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 54 55 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 55 56 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 56 57 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 57 58 calc circle_type=N
caffeine 57 58 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 57 58 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 58 59 calc circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 59 60 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=N
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 calc circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=M
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=M
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=N
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=N
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 calc circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=M
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=N
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 calc circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 4 5 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=N
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=N
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=N
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=M
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=M
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=N
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=N
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=N
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 calc circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 17 18 raw circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 raw circle_type=N
codeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 calc circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=N
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 19 20 raw circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 raw circle_type=N
codeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 20 21 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=M
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=N
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=N
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=N
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=M
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=N
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 calc circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=N
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
codeine 24 25 raw circle_type=n
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=M
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=N
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=N
codeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=N
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=M
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=N
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 calc circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 raw circle_type=n
codeine 28 29 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
codeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 calc circle_type=N
glucose 0 1 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 calc circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=N
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=N
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=N
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 calc circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 calc circle_type=N
glucose 2 3 calc circle_type=N
glucose 2 3 calc circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 calc circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 calc circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 calc circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 calc circle_type=N
glucose 3 4 calc circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 calc circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 calc circle_type=N
glucose 4 5 calc circle_type=N
glucose 4 5 calc circle_type=N
glucose 4 5 calc circle_type=N
glucose 4 5 calc circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=N
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=N
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=N
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=N
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 calc circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 calc circle_type=N
glucose 12 13 calc circle_type=N
glucose 12 13 calc circle_type=N
glucose 12 13 calc circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 calc circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=N
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=N
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=N
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=N
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=N
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=N
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=N
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=N
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=N
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=N
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=N
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=N
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=N
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 calc circle_type=n
glucose 19 20 calc circle_type=N
glucose 19 20 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 raw circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 raw circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 raw circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 raw circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 raw circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 raw circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=N
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
glucose 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 8 9 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 9 10 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 10 11 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 11 12 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 12 13 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 13 14 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 14 15 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 15 16 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 16 17 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 17 18 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 18 19 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 19 20 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=N
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=N
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 20 21 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
paracetamol 21 22 calc circle_type=n
