caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 1 2 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 15 16 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 25 26 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 29 30 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 31 32 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 32 33 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 33 34 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 34 35 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=N
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 35 36 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 38 39 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 40 41 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 43 44 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 raw circle_type=n
caffeine 45 46 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 0 1 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 2 3 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 3 4 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 5 6 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 6 7 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 7 8 raw circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
codeine 8 9 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 9 10 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 10 11 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=N
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 11 12 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 12 13 raw circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
codeine 13 14 raw circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
codeine 14 15 raw circle_type=n
codeine 15 16 raw circle_type=N
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 16 17 raw circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
codeine 18 19 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 21 22 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 22 23 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 23 24 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 26 27 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
codeine 27 28 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 0 1 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 1 2 raw circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 raw circle_type=N
glucose 2 3 raw circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 raw circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 raw circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 raw circle_type=n
glucose 2 3 raw circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 raw circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 raw circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 raw circle_type=n
glucose 3 4 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 4 5 raw circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 raw circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 raw circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 raw circle_type=n
glucose 5 6 raw circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 raw circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 raw circle_type=n
glucose 6 7 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 7 8 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=N
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 8 9 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 9 10 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 10 11 raw circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 raw circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 raw circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 raw circle_type=n
glucose 11 12 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 12 13 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 13 14 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 14 15 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=N
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 15 16 raw circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 raw circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 raw circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 raw circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 raw circle_type=n
glucose 16 17 raw circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 raw circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 raw circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 raw circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 raw circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 raw circle_type=n
glucose 17 18 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
glucose 18 19 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 0 1 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 1 2 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 2 3 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 3 4 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 4 5 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 5 6 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 6 7 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
paracetamol 7 8 raw circle_type=n
